>> Brian Holt: Let's go into
plugins in our BabelRC file.
>> Brian Holt: So, right now,
we're already have
babel-plugin-transform-class-properties.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to add this one as the first
one which is going to be
react-hot-loader/babel.
This is going to do a Babel transformation
that basically is going to make the joints
that the hot module replacement knows
where to cut off and reinsert itself into.
It just does that all for
free for you behind the scenes.
Thanks to Babel.
Okay, now I want you to go in
to your webpack config.
We're gonna have to make it
a tiny bit more complicated.
First thing is we're gonna
import webpack as well.
>> Brian Holt: I should say that this is
a feature that was already built into
webpack and React is just kind of
the first one to take advantage of it.
But webpack was already armed with
this ability with webpack 1 I believe.
It's just no one was really
taking advantage of it yet.
Until the same guy that wrote Redux and
now he
works on the React core team, Dan Abramov
said, I should do this, and so he did.
So the first thing we need
to change here is entry.
This is now gonna have to be an array
because we have to give us some additional
code so it knows how to do
the hot module replacement.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and we're gonna do,
first one is gonna be
react-hot-loader/patch.
I will say that the order
here is critical so
make sure you get it in the right order.
webpack-dev-server/client.
And then you need to give it some.
>> Brian Holt: You need to give it
the URL that it's going to live on.
So we'll do localhost 80, 80.
>> Brian Holt: And then we're gonna do
webpack/hot/only-dev-server.
There are several types
of hot reloaders and
I went through them and
chose this one and I do not remember why.
>> Brian Holt: But feel free to
go check out the webpack docs.
There are a couple of different types
of the way it does hot reloading.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
>> Brian Holt: So make sure you're
doing cheap-eval-source-map.
Something I need to tell you about hot
module reload is that, again, it's kind of
a new thing so browsers haven't totally
caught up that this is happening.
So the first thing you're gonna
mess up is your source maps.
Your source maps, upon hot reload, they're
not going to necessarily follow along.
It's a bug with the browser.
I know Chromium as of last
week is working on it and
Firefox just says,
that seems like a problem.
And that's about all we've
gotten out of them, so.
>> Brian Holt: It'll eventually get fixed,
I'm sure, just not today.
Okay, so under devServer, you just need to
say, hey I need this to be a hot server.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And now I want you to go down to
[INAUDIBLE], we'll do it there.
There's another thing called plugins.
This is augmenting
the abilities of webpack.
So we need to give it two plugins here.
One of them is new
webpack.HotModuleReplacementPlugin
and new
webpack.NamedModulesPlugin.
>> Brian Holt: So, I'm sure you can
imagine why we have HotModuleReplacement,
that's just giving it the additional
abilities to insert those hot connectors,
and named modules.
It's going to send down the names of
whatever modules you are replacing, so
at least if something goes wrong it's
going to tell you something went wrong
with search, right?
That's the named modules plugins does for
you,
is it just sends down the names
as well for debugging purposes.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we are not done yet [LAUGH].
The problem that we have now, if we go to
clientapp.jsx is what
happens if app changes.
We have no way to, because this is the
entry file, we have no way to replace it.
And so we actually have to
enable our code to be replaced.
So what we're gonna do it we're going to
split client app into a separate file and
then we're gonna have a client app.jsx
which will be an entry point for
hot module reload.
This will also be useful later for
several purposes,
one of which is code splitting and
one of which is server-side rendering.
So we would have to do this
anyway eventually, so it's okay.
I see some looks of like,
I don't wanna do that.
[LAUGH] I get it, but believe me,
overall this is gonna be a positive thing.
So I want you to create
a new file called app.jsx.
And this is going to be a file that can
also be used server-side rendered and
all that kind of stuff, so it's good.
So in app.jsx we're gonna have
to basically take most of this.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna have
to take the browser outer,
we're gonna have to take.
React, basically everything but
the render statements.
That's gonna stay here.
So we're gonna pull that out and
go to app.jsx.
We're gonna pull copy react
cuz we need it in both places.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here,
we're gonna pull out FourOhFour and App.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to put that in here.
>> Brian Holt: Then down here we're
going to export, default App.
>> Brian Holt: And
I think that should be enough for this.
>> Brian Holt: Now if we come into
clientapp.jsx, we're going to import app.
>> Brian Holt: ./app.
So now this should work again, right?
Now, we have apps split out
as a separate component and
all client app does is render it out.
But we wanna make this
a little bit more smart.
We want this to be a little hot reload, so
what we are gonna do is we’re gonna
make a function called renderApp.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna
be a function that all it's
gonna do is to render(<App />
document getElementById('app')); okay?
>> Brian Holt: It's basically
what we have down here.
And then the first thing we're gonna
do is we're gonna call renderApp so
it gets rendered for the first time.
And then down here we're
gonna say if (module.hot)
Which will only be available in dev,
right?
So this will not be enabled in production.
We're gonna say module.hot.accept('./App',
() => { and then renderApp.
So what this is really doing.
>> Brian Holt: If hot module replacement
is enabled for this particular build,
it’s gonna say, okay I see that
hot module.hot exists, right.
So if module.hot exists you can be
assured that you're in development.
And then it says every time that
you tell me that app has changed
I need to call this function, right.
So any time that app changes
just re-render the whole app.
Everything else, because there is those
joints that we did with the Babel plugin,
they know how to replace themselves.
It's just the top level of component that
you need to give it a little extra help to
be able to know how to replace
>> Brian Holt: Doing this,
some people get worried about this
calling render multiple times, it's okay.
React knows how to handle that, that's the
preferred way that if you need to force to
re-render the top level component,
this is the way you're supposed to do it.
It'll do the same virtual DOM diffing,
it just works like a normal replacement,
right, so that's okay.
You can definitely do that.
>> Speaker 2: In the module variable,
where is that coming from?
>> Brian Holt: Webpack,
it's a webpack thing.
It's specific to webpack.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions before
we go see how awesome it is?
>> Speaker 3: Could you
show the app file again.
>> Brian Holt: Sure, app, that one.
It's pretty much what we had before, it's
just not doing any client-side rendering.
So, again I wanted to emphasize this
is a good pattern to split out app.jsx,
which has no necessarily browser
concerns of it's own, right?
So now this can be run in node.
You have to take care of browser router,
but there's a way to do that, so
don't worry about that.
>> Brian Holt: In fact,
we'll do that later.
>> Brian Holt: And then clientApp here.
If you need to do anything specifically
for the browser like model.hot,
this is where you would do it, right?
Or, let's say you needed to, I don't know.
>> Brian Holt: Mess with
the document somehow, right?
You can be assured that if
you're inside of clientApp and
you wanted to do something only
in the browser and not in node,
that this is the place that
you would do it, right?
So clientApp is the place for
your browser code.
>> Brian Holt: If you need to fire
off like Google Analytics, right,
you would only wanna do
that in the browser,
this would be the place
that you'd wanna do that.
>> Brian Holt: And
people get a little upset.
They're like well this is dev code that
I'm gonna be shipping down to the client.
I don't wanna do that.
If you really don't wanna to do that
there's a tool called Groundskeeper
that you can remove code before
you send it down in production.
You can do that.
But this is gonna end up
being like a few bytes.
So it doesn't bother me,
but it might bother you.
Okay, so let's restart webpack
since we messed a bunch with it.
>> Brian Holt: And
then once this hopefully works I
will push a branch for you.
>> Brian Holt: It will take a second for
a webpack to build.
Okay?
>> Brian Holt: That's a good sign.
You can see here that it's
including some webpack hot stuff.
So the one thing,
this is gonna balloon your dev build even
bigger than it was before, which is okay.
As none of this will get
shipped down to production.
So, now, if you come back here and
if you look at your console, you can see
what it's getting back from the devServer.
It's gonna say hot module replacement
enabled and then, hopefully.
So I'm gonna go change this.
So first of all,
I'm gonna give this from state, right?
So if there was a hard refresh on state,
if there was a hard refresh
the state would be blown away.
I guess it's gonna be anyway,
doesn't matter anyway.
So, if we come in here to like search and
modify svideo and
have this be something else.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
let's try that again.
>> Brian Holt: Let's do it with
>> Brian Holt: Let's do it with Landing.
Okay, so, at the Landing, we're gonna
change this to be yet different.
>> Brian Holt: It's doing hard refreshes.
That's kind of annoying.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Speaker 4: People are asking
where is module coming from?
>> Brian Holt: Webpack.
Webpack injects that.
>> Speaker 4: So
you don't need to import it?
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
>> Brian Holt: All right, verbose.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see.
>> Brian Holt: Preserve log,
that's what I wanted.
>> Brian Holt: So clear.
And we'll change this to be Landing.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's what I wanted to see.
It's for whatever reason
404-ing on the hot updates.
Says it cannot find update
needed before reload.
>> Brian Holt: So, let's try.
Why are you doing a full reload?
So, go to webpack config, it's a very
delicate balance to get this tool to work.
You need to do here in.
>> Brian Holt: So it need to require
webpack, need additional files output.
Yeah, that's what I messed up.
So here in output,
you need to make the output aware of where
it's going to be served from, right.
Cuz those hot.json files are going to
be served from the same directory.
So we're gonna have to do output,
yep, sorry,
publicPath inside of the output object.
Which should be the same as, cuz there's
gonna be a publicPath both in output and
devServer.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, try that again.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, fingers crossed.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so hot module
replace is, all right, in effect.
Go to Landing,
change this back to something yet else.
>> Brian Holt: There we go.
It worked!
[LAUGH] Cool, so if you look down here,
you can see it says, hot update,
checking for updates on the server.
Updated the modules, and
then it did something different.
So if I go back here and
change this to svideo.
>> Brian Holt: It'll actually change it
without actually doing a hard refresh on
the page, which is pretty cool.
>> Speaker 5: So
this is primarily just for development to-
>> Brian Holt: It's only for development.
You would never, ever, ever,
ever want to do this kind of production.
>> Speaker 4: Can you
show having state then?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, let's do that.
So, if you go to search.jsx.
So we have something else right here,
right.
I'm going to do black right here.
And if I change something else to be back
to what it should be, which is svideo.
Notice that black state here
in svideo was able to change.
>> Speaker 4: So,
you can write code with state?
>> Brian Holt: And it just,
it'll constantly be replacing itself
>> Brian Holt: So
this is a huge win, in my opinion,
for developer productivity, right?
It's just a really tight feedback loop.
And I think that's something that Facebook
does a really good job of putting emphasis
on, is the tighter you
make that feedback loop,
the faster you can go as a developer,
right?
Cuz how many times like
you save something and
you have to wait even 30 seconds for
something to run.
And before long, you're just on Twitter
and you waste 10 minutes on Twitter.
At least that's exactly what I do.
I'm projecting myself on you, right?
>> Speaker 4: And
then you hit refresh, and
then you have to click three buttons
to see if that bug was fixed.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, which ends up to
me ten more minutes, [CROSSTALK] news.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Speaker 6: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: Ten more [INAUDIBLE].
It seems like a good
place to push a branch.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, totally, I changed
a lot of stuff to get that to work.
>> Brian Holt: So it is really fun,
it's really cool.
The thing with hot module reload is it
doesn't really play well with some of
the newer technologies.
Like it's doable with,
well, so you have hot
module replaced, you have server-side
rendering and you have code splitting.
And it's pretty much
a choose two scenario.
Getting all the three to
work at the same time,
as far as I know is actually impossible.
>> Speaker 4: [INAUDIBLE] Asking if I
was using import to import CSS files,
would I be able to edit the CSS and
have that update without having to reload?
>> Brian Holt: If you're using CSS
modules with hot module reload,
or refresh, replace?
I don't know.
I think-
>> Speaker 4: It seems like they're using
a CSS and JavaScript solution like-
>> Brian Holt: Status components for
show or, like no issue for sure.
But if you're actually usiing CSS Imports,
I'm gonna go with a strong maybe.
[LAUGH] I think so but I'm not positive.
Well.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, maybe.
Maybe is my best answer to that.
>> Brian Holt: v3-13
>> Brian Holt: v3-13.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
v3-13 is now up and available.